# INSIGHT
A web platform that helps students explore career paths in computer science through aptitude and interest-based tests, enabling informed decision-making.

Online Career Guidance -”INSIGHT” has been developed for the students who are studying for graduation or have completed their graduation and are not aware of which career path to choose. Competition in today’s society is heavily multiplying day by day. It is especially hard in the present day to face the technical world. So as to complete and reach the goal of students, they need to be planned and organized from initial to the final stages of their education and when it comes to education we only think of students. Career Guidance is a very important thing in one’s life. Because if one gets proper guidance then can make a great career in their favorite field. After primary and secondary education it is not affordable and easy to go and visit the institutes which he/she likes. The application helps students to come out of the confusion of what career path to choose and also get some relevant information about those following fields according to their requirements, interests. The proposed system is very easy to use, and anyone can use this website through browsers. Insight website helps students discover their area of specialization in computer science. It offers three types of tests: Prediction, Open-Ended Short Quiz, and Aptitude Test. The tests evaluate skill sets, personal preferences, values, ethics, knowledge, strengths, and weaknesses. Insight provides brief yet informative information about different domains in computer science. The website empowers students to make informed decisions and achieve their professional goals.
